for me the biggest risks that I've taken in my career is just the path
that I've actually chosen to do you know I'm not working as a traditional
H. T. in the navy so I've been kind of working what some would
say out of rate but it's it's paid off for me in the long run and
throughout my career you know even as a junior person I would hear all
you're never if you continue on the path that you're doing you're
never gonna make chief and then I made it and then I was up for orders
and decided to continue working in a program that I was really good
at the people wanted me in and that I could continue to excel at
and I heard well you're never gonna make senior chief if you continue
to go down this route and then I made senior chief so are you I think
working in the career that I've done was a wrist that I took but
it's worked out in the end for me and I hope it continues to do so
as I'm eligible for master chief this upcoming cycle